First draft of reference docs on durable state (#30387)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/index-persistence-durable-state.md

---

> project.description: Event Sourcing with Akka Persistence enables actors to persist your events for recovery on failure or when migrated within a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project.description: Event Sourcing with Akka Persistence enables actors to persist your events. This persistence is for recovery on failure, or when migrated within a cluster.
```

> project.description: Event Sourcing with Akka Persistence enables actors to persist your events for recovery on failure or when migrated within a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project.description: Use of Event Sourcing with Akka Persistence enables actors to persist your events. This persistence is used for recovery on failure, or when migrating within a cluster.
```

Author: actually it was a mistake to describe this as event sourcing (copied it from the other doc and forgot to change). It's not. Changed the text to the following:

> Durable state with Akka Persistence enables actors to persist the latest version of the state. This persistence is used for recovery on failure, or when migrating within a cluster.
